Release 2022.05.1 (#3338)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/registration-hook/index.md

The outbound call from Okta to your external service includes the following objects in its JSON payload:

### requestType

OTP request or event for which this transaction is being requested: self-service registration (SSR) or Progressive Enrollment.

Values for `requestType` are one of the following:

| Enum Value | Associated Okta Event |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|

> | `self.service.registration` | Self-Service Registration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `self.service.registration` | self-service registration |
```

| `progressive.profile` | Progressive Enrollment |

### data.userProfile

> This object appears in SSR requests from Okta. The object contains name-value pairs for each registration-related attribute supplied by the user in the Profile Enrollment form, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object appears in SSR requests from Okta. The object contains name-value pairs for each registration related attribute supplied by the user in the Profile Enrollment form, including:
```

You can only set values for profile fields which already exist in your Okta user profile schema: Registration Inline Hook functionality can only set values; it cannot create new fields.

### data.UserProfileUpdate

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> This object appears in Progressive Profile requests from Okta.  The object contains the delta between existing name-value pairs and the attributes your end user wants to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object appears in Progressive Profile requests from Okta. The object contains the delta between existing name-value pairs and the attributes that your end user wants to update.
```

| Command                      | Description                                                  |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| com.okta.user.profile.update | Change attribute values in the user's Okta user profile. For SSR only. Invalid if used with a Progressive Profile response.  |
| com.okta.action.update       | Allow or deny the user's registration.                       |
| com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update   | Change attribute values in the user's Okta Progressive Profile. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> |

To set attributes in the user's Okta profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the Okta user profile attributes you want to set. The attributes must already exist in your user profile schema.

To explicitly allow or deny registration to the user, supply a type property set to `com.okta.action.update`, together with a value property set to `{"registration": "ALLOW"}` or `{"registration": "DENY"}`. The default is to allow registration.

> In Okta Identity Engine, to set attributes in the user's profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the Progressive Enrollment attributes you want to set. See [Registration Inline Hook - Send response](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#send-response) for more information. <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Okta Identity Engine, to set attributes in the user's profile, supply a type property set to `com.okta.user.progressive.profile.update`, together with a `value` property set to a list of key-value pairs corresponding to the Progressive Enrollment attributes that you want to set. See [Registration Inline Hook - Send response](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#send-response). <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />
```

You must [enable and configure a Profile Enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-create-profile-enrollment) to implement a Registration Inline Hook.

> **Note:** Profile Enrollment and Registration Inline Hooks are only supported by the [Okta Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/embedded-siw/) version 4.5 or later.

To associate the Registration Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security > Profile Enrollment**.

1. Click the Pencil icon to edit the policy and associate it with your Registration Inline Hook.

1. In **Profile enrollment**, click **Edit**.

1. Select **Allowed** for **Self-service registration**.

1. From the **Inline hook** dropdown menu, select the hook that you set up and activated. See [Set up and activate the Registration Inline Hook](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/#set-up-and-activate-the-registration-inline-hook).

   > **Note:** You can associate only one Inline Hook at a time with your Profile Enrollment policy.

1. In **Run this hook**, select when you want your Inline Hook to run:

>    * **When a new user is created**: This trigger occurs during a Self-Service Registration request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **When a new user is created**: This trigger occurs during a self-service registration request.
```

   * **When attributes are collected for an existing user**: This trigger occurs during a Progressive Enrollment sign-in request.
   * **Both**: This trigger occurs during a self-service registration request and a Progressive Enrollment sign-in request.

1. Click **Save**.

Your Registration Inline Hook is configured for Profile Enrollment.

> ## Enable a Registration Inline Hook for SSR in the Classic Engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable a Registration Inline Hook for SSR in Classic Engine
```
